---
title: Test
layout: post
---

.. code-block:: python

 def hola():
  print("adfsf")
  


{% highlight python linenos %}
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Download for threads
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------
def download_threads(url):
    try:
        response = req.urlopen(url)
        data = response.read()
    except urllib.error.URLError:
        print("Error in URL: ", url)
    sem_threads.release()

# --------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Threads
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------
sem_threads = Semaphore(MAX_CONCURRENCE)


# ----------------------------------------------------------------------
def test_threads():
    th = []
    th_append = th.append
    for page in WEB_PAGES_PRELOADED:
        sem_threads.acquire()
        t = Thread(target=download_threads, args=(page,))
        t.start()
        th_append(t)

    # Wait for threads ends
    map(Thread.join, th)
{% endhighlight %}
  
  
  
```python

def hola():
 print("asdf")
```

{% highlight python %}
def yourfunction():
     print "Hello World!"
{% endhighlight %}

.. code-block:: python

    from CodernityDB3.database import Database

    def main():
        db = Database('/tmp/tut1')
        db.create()
        for x in range(100):
            print(db.insert(dict(x=x)))
        for curr in db.all('id'):
            print(curr)

    main()

I wanted to dig into some new (to me) front end web technologies and
tools so I made [a thing][0].

Have you ever happened across a new library or an interesting blog
post and wanted to know what other people think?  I seem to do this
all the time and finding discussions about a random website isn't
always as quick as I'd like.  I wanted something that would search
both [Hacker News][1] and [Reddit][2] for me and give me links to the
latest discussions about whatever it is I'm reading.  Now I have it.

## Introducting Spoolio

I tried out [Yeoman][3], [Grunt][4], and [Bower][5] for the first
time.  Right now I think it's a little much for me but if I took a
little more time I think I could get more used to it.  Don't look at
the source if you're familiar with these tools.  I got really lazy and
didn't finish making things work properly so there are artifacts
everywhere.

One thing I would be interested in is any feedback on the tiny bit of
[Angular][6] code.  This is my first foray into the wonderful world of
JavaScript frameworks as well and at this point it feels a little
awkward.  I like it, I just feel like I'm doing something incredibly
wrong.
 
Either way, [give it a try][0].  I don't really expect anyone to use
it but it's there if it helps anyone.

[0]: http://spoolio.bitbucket.org/
[1]: http://news.ycombinator.com/
[2]: http://reddit.com/
[3]: http://yeoman.io/
[4]: http://gruntjs.com/
[5]: http://bower.io/
[6]: http://angularjs.org/
